It's not over.
That's the stance...
Avan Strash!
[gasp]
You call that Avan Strash?
What a joke. It was
just a cheap imitation!
Hyunckel: You know the lesson,
"Slice the earth,
slice the sea, slice the air.
And what slices everything
is the Avan Strash."
Fighting you, I can tell
you haven't mastered
the Avan Style
Sword Technique yet!
[frustrated grunt]
That's right.
You're still missing the
third skill, the Air Slash.
The Air Slash?
Dai [thought]:
That's right...
Avan: Dai...
Even if you breeze through
the Special Hard Course,
you'll probably learn
Air Slash on the seventh day.
The last?
Yes. It's that difficult
of a skill to learn.
Dai [thought]: But I
only ended up training
with Master Avan for
three days.
Hyunckel: Even I
can't use Air Slash.
It's the greatest of the
Avan Style Sword Techniques.
It's only when
Earth, Wave, and Air
have all been
mastered by the user,
that the Avan Strash
reveals its ultimate power.
And so, as it stands
your attack is nothing but
an incomplete imitation.
Even I am not capable of it.
Avan Strash!
[pained yell]
Popp: Dai!
So, I guess you two
are up next? How adorable.
We won't let you use
Master Avan's skills for evil!
Hyunckel:
Three against one...
Well, then I'll have
to use my secret weapon.
As a warrior,
I can't use spells.
So the Dark King Vearn
gave me a powerful solution.
A supreme armor that repels
any and all attack spells.
When I wear it,
I become invincible!
Supreme armor, huh?
I don't see any
armor around here.
Oh, no? It's right
in front of you!
Hyunckel: Amdo!
[alarmed gasps]
His sword is his armor?!
Hyunckel: This Dark
Armor Blade is both
the mightiest weapon and
the mightiest defense.
He's bluffing.
Let's go!
Frizzle!
Popp: If that didn't work...
How about this?!
Sizz!
C'mon!
Popp!
Seriously, nothing?
I just learned that spell!
[worried chirp]
Hyunckel: Now do you
see how I'm invincible?
I told you this armor is
impervious to all
attack spells...
And no one in
the world can best me
when it comes to
fighting with a sword.
Stand down. I won't
fight a woman.
Maam: Do not
underestimate me-
women can risk
it all in battle.
Hyunckel: Let me guess...
A lesson from Avan?
You learned it too,
didn't you?!
I know that Master Avan
would never grant
one of his Insignias
to someone who's unworthy!
Maam: I know that deep down-
Hyunckel:
What? You mean this?
[shocked gasps]
Maam: How could you?!
Hyunckel: I don't need it.
I only carried
that relic around
to help me find
Avan or his disciples...
so I could have the pleasure
of killing them myself!
But, why?! I don't understand
why you hate him so much!
Hyunckel: Because
Avan is a murderer.
The killer of my father!
He what?!
Hyunckel: This
continent of Holkia
was once the Dark
Lord Hadlar's base.
The old Dark Army descended on
the world like a blight.
The casualties were many.
[crying]
Bartos: Poor thing.
Hyunckel: I was a child, then.
I was raised in
Hadlar's Underground Palace
by the Armful, Bartos.
The only reason he was
allowed to keep a human child
was because he was the strongest
knight in all the Dark Army...
And he was the guardian
of the Hell Gate,
which led to the
Dark Lord's chambers.
Bartos: I shall
name you Hyunckel
after the legendary swordsman
who once ruled the Underworld.
[happy babble]
[laughing]
Hyunckel: I wasn't permitted
to leave the Palace,
but I grew up without
ever questioning it.
[babbling]
Hyunckel: Ta-da!
Oh, is this for me?
Hyunckel: Yeah!
Wow!
[delighted laugh]
Hyunckel: He may have
been feared in battle,
but as my father,
Bartos was the first
man to teach me warmth.
Dai [thought]:
He's just like me.
Hyunckel: But then,
one day...
Bartos, sir.
The Hero is attacking!
He's finally come.
Bartos: Hyunckel, as
guardian of the Dark Lord,
it's my duty fight the Hero.
It's possible I won't survive.
Dad...
Listen - you mustn't
leave this place.
If I don't return, promise
me you'll grow up strong!
Dad...
Dad!
[howling]
Hyunckel: With the
Dark Lords cry of defeat,
everything fell silent.
Dad!
Hyunckel: No...
Hyunckel:
Unlike other monsters,
the Undead cannot
sustain themselves
without the
Dark Lord's presence.
With Hadlar's death,
and the loss of his
Dark Power, my father...
H-Hyunckel...
Dad, no!
Hyunckel... Thank you
for the memories.
Hyunckel:
He crumbled to dust.
Dad!
[wailing]
Hyunckel: It's ironic.
The man who happened to
find me was Avan himself.
Who are you?
Hyunckel.
Hyunckel: He had no
way of knowing who I was.
Perhaps he assumed I was some
child the monsters had captured.
But I knew immediately
that he was the Hero,
and the one responsible for
what happened to my father.
At that moment,
I swore that I'd gain the
strength to one day defeat him.
That's why I became Avan's
student and learned to fight.
So that I could defeat
him with what he'd taught me.
Maam: Stop it!
I know how you feel,
but Master Avan...
Hyunckel: What?
Was fighting for justice?
Hyunckel: Justice or not,
it doesn't change the fact that
he took everything from me.
My father was
reduced to ashes.
If that is justice... then
justice itself is my enemy!
Hyunckel: Now
to finish you off...
I'll show you the special attack
that I intended to use on Avan!
A sword from his helmet?!
Take this!
Look out!
Maam: Dai! Popp!
[pained groans]
Hyunckel: This is
the attack I developed
just to defeat the Avan
Style Sword Technique...
It's called Bloody Scryde!
Avan: Congratulations,
Hyunckel.
You've officially
gained the skills
of a full-fledged warrior.
And so, I present
you with this.
This is...
Avan: Consider it a
graduation certificate.
But you're far from being
a complete warrior.
Your blade work,
while commendable,
seems to have a strange
malice or animosity to it.
Master...
What's wrong?
Hyunckel: Do you know a
man by the name of Bartos?
Hyunckel, I...
Hyunckel: Bartos
was the strongest knight
in all of the Dark Army...
and he was my father.
[shocked gasp]
And so the malice that you
sense in my blade?
It's my hatred towards you
for murdering him!
Wait a minute, Hyunckel!
[attacking roar]
[pained yell]
Hyunckel!
Avan: Hold on!
Avan [thought]:
What have I done?
I fought back
without even thinking.
But if I hadn't, I'm sure he
would have killed me.
Such talent with a blade...
He strikes like a demon.
Hyunckel! Hyunckel!
Avan...
Hyunckel: I failed, and
the only reason I survived
was because the Dark
King's trusted servant,
Mystvearn the
Shadow Vizier, rescued me.
Since then, I've
continued to train
as a warrior for
the Dark Army.
Now, my own attack far surpasses
the power of Avan Strash!
Hyunckel: Your
foolhardy dodging
has only drawn out
your suffering.
Let me end it for you!
Dai [thought]: He's strong.
Stronger than anyone
we've faced before...
Could he really be
invincible?
No way. I don't
believe it.
Everyone has a weakness,
no matter how strong they are!
Hyunckel: That's enough.
No way. I'm never giving up!
Even if that bullet
contains a Kasizz or Kaboom,
it will be of no use to you.
You will not be able to
scratch my armor.
Well, let's see.
You never know unless
you try, isn't that right?
What is this? Dazzle?!
A foolish game.
[pained grunt]
I can sense your presence
using my inner eye.
Your Dazzle spell is useless.
[concerned chirps]
No, Maam!
Dai [thought]:
Right there!
If I aim it just right,
an attack spell should work.
It's all or nothing...
Frizz!
Dai: He blocked it!
Hyunckel: You brat!
Look out! Move it!
Frizz!
Is that a Wave Slash?!
You have no power, yet you
insist on troubling me!
C'mon...
Hyunckel: You do have spirit.
That much is worth praise.
Popp [thought]: Is Dai
really no match for him?
I mean, sure he's
a great swordsman,
but Dai's defeated Crocodine,
and even Lord Hadlar!
I know. It's that mark!
Whatever it is,
the mark has always allowed Dai
to use extraordinary power!
Dai! Don't hold back!
C'mon! You've gotta
use the power of that mark!
Enough babbling.
He's all but finished.
Popp: What's wrong, Dai?!
Get mad!
Get mad and fight, now!
Popp: You have to!
Come on!
Hyunckel: My father
was reduced to ashes.
If that is justice...
then justice itself is my enemy!
Dai!
This should keep you from
pulling any more of
your bothersome tricks.
What is that?!
[pained groans]
Hyunckel: Dark
Puppetry Aura Hand!
This particular skill uses
a Dark Aura to bind the enemy.
It is typically used to take
control of the undead forces.
Let... me...
Hyunckel: And now,
you're nothing but my puppet.
No!
So, this is the end...
Now die. Bloody Scryde!
What did he-
Hyunckel: Impossible!
[scoff]
Don't be so sure.
But, you... I thought...
Crocodine...
You survived?!
What is the meaning of this?
Just what it looks like.
Crocodine: I'm here
to protect Dai.
[roaring]
You there, boy!
Popp: Uh... Yes sir?
Come, take Dai and
escape with the Garuda!
Huh?!
Crocodine: You're still too weak
to defeat Hyunckel yourselves!
You have to escape!
Popp: But...
Crocodine: Some monsters will
only obey my direct commands.
That Garuda is one of them.
But, Maam...
Don't be concerned.
She'll be all right.
Hyunckel isn't the
type to harm the girl,
no matter what
the situation is.
I'll do everything
I can to help her,
but right now you must
get Dai out of here.
Do you really think that
I'll just let that happen?!
I am still one of the
Dark Army's Legion Commanders.
I can take you down
with me if I have to!
Hyunckel: You can't. You don't
have the strength right now!
[pained roar]
That's right.
Your armor may be brand new,
but I can still tell.
The wounds from your
previous battle
still haven't fully healed.
Hyunckel: Your steel
hide is nothing more than
a cracked shield right now!
Crocodine!
[pained growl]
No! Curse you!
Let go!
Crocodine: You'll
have to finish me off.
[roaring]
Wait! Maam's still...
Popp: Put me down!
Hyunckel: Crocodine!
Out of all the Dark King's Six
Legion Commanders,
I believe that at least you and
Baran were worthy of respect.
How disappointing that
you'd submit to a brat.
I just couldn't stand seeing
someone who bested
me lose to someone else.
Hyunckel:
A loser's argument.
How the Beast King has fallen.
If you refuse to get out
of my way, Crocodine,
I'm just going to have
to run right through you!
Crocodine: So be it!
Why would you care
so much about them?!
They don't deserve it.
They are the sworn
enemies of our Dark Army!
Oh, "Our Dark Army?"
[amused chuckle]
Hyunckel: What's so funny?
If you ask me,
it never seemed as if you were
fighting for the Dark Army.
Crocodine: It always
looked more like you were
fighting out of anger
towards the humans.
I was the same.
Crocodine: I looked
down on humans.
I thought they were puny,
pathetic creatures.
But fighting Dai and his
friends made me realize...
that they are strong
and compassionate beings.
They can work together,
sharing their joy as
well as their sadness.
They're not like us monsters,
who are alone in our strength!
Quiet. Enough of
your nonsense!
There's no way you can't realize
the greatness within you.
Don't you see that you
are lying to yourself?!
I said enough!
[pained roar]
Hyunckel: Tears?
It's good... to be human.
When I am reborn, I hope
it's as... one of them.
Crocodine...
[devious laughter]
Ah, Moruge.
Is there a problem,
Master Hyunckel?
Moruge: Oh, my!
Isn't that...
Tend to his wounds.
Moruge: Sir, I don't see
how he's going to survive.
I am aware.
Consider it mercy.
Hyunckel: And take this woman
to the Underground Palace.
Huh? And who is she?
Hyunckel: A captive.
Throw her in a cell.
Moruge: Yes, sir!
Hyunckel: So long
as I have her,
they're sure to
come to her rescue.
And when they do,
I'll finish them!
Popp: Dai! You're awake.
Hey, Popp? What's going on?
Where's Hyunckel?!
He beat us...
But Crocodine helped us escape.
And where's Maam?
Hopefully, she's okay.
They're already
on our tail?!
Man: Hey!
Are you hurt?!
One of you wouldn't
happen to be Dai,
by any chance, would you?!
Wait, how does
he know my name?
First of all,
who are you?!
Narrator: Thanks to
Crocodine's sacrifice,
Dai and Popp
plan to rescue Maam
from the clutches of
the Dark Army.
But the Underground Palace is
more treacherous than expected,
and soon Hyunckel attacks
with an even more
overwhelming strength.
The battle to save Maam
is only beginning...
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Collaborative Zapple".